I'm sorry.
Would you be today's meeting?
It's September 60bones.
September 60, September 6, China.
May I proceed?
China was injected into the Army on November 3rd.
And November 6th that a lunch in my office,
Son of the McCarty and members of his staff, requested that I make
Father feminine available for committee business while he was stationed at Fort Dick.
And November 7th, Son of the McCarty again suggested that China be given a few weeks weekend off while at Fort Dick.
On December 10th, a lunch in which I attended with Son of the McCarty and Frank Carr,
at the Carol Armstrong Hill, Son of the McCarty requested me to assign Father Sean to New York City after he completed
eight weeks of basic training,
so that Father Sean, that would down in textbooks, then be in use at what point and on other things.
Again on January 14th, 1954, Son of the McCarty requested that I especially assign Father Sean to New York Carr.
The accumulated effects of these requests made upon me by Son of the McCarty,
when considered together with the conduct of members of his staff,
compiles a picture of unusual pressure,
to obtain special treatment for Father Sean.
I have to put it in here.
I'm not sure if it's fine.
Mr. Secretary, I'd like to pursue with you a minute, please, right, in the hearing.
First up, you were the Secretary of the Army and therefore interested in the morality of the Army.
Is that correct? Yes, sir.
Interfect the morality of the Army is the responsibility delegated to you by the Secretary of Defense and the Commander in Chief.
Now, the reason that you became worried about these fortifications here now was because you felt
that the results of those hearing, along with the hearings themselves, were affecting the morale of the Army.
Is that correct? Yes, sir.
And what way were they affecting you?
Well, it was being indicated that the installation spends at Fort Monmouth were completely infiltrated.
That's the analogy with the funder and that the situation was not being cleaned up.
Now, as I understand it after these executive hearings, which generally works for private hearings,
you felt that statements were being given to the press or implied to the press that there was a speared-edged fort monument to a large extent.
That's correct. Yes, sir. It goes further. It will have passed us right, Mr. Sondant.
And as a result of that, our troops and our command stations or offices or enlisted men all over the world would be very worried and that would lower their battle morale.
Is that correct? I would think that would certainly follow.
And therefore you were anxious to have the nature of the hearings suspended, is that correct? That's right.
In other words, it wasn't the hearings themselves, but the way the hearings were being conducted and the nature of the hearings,
that is what you wanted to spend it against the hearings themselves. That's right. That's not the case of the hearings.
And at no time did you feel that the investigation itself should stop?
No. It's correct. That's correct. You were anxious actually if the hearings went on on the basis you thought was fair to the army and right for the army's morale,
you were anxious to have the hearings continued. It's correct. I was a very satisfied to have them continue on that basis.
Now let me ask another question with respect to Mr. Carr. Some of the members of the committee have gotten very interested in that and that's increased my interest.
As I understand it, your counsel and your assistant counsel made up these charges together without you present, that's correct. That's right.
And I asked you several days ago in the hearing whether or not if you had made them up, you would have less Mr. Carr's name out and you said you would not. Is that correct? That's right.
But you feel that that subsequent witnesses will justify your position in that matter and that you cannot justify it now because you haven't got the memory with respect to Mr. Carr.
And then the other people present did the most talking. Is that correct, sir?
Now since we adjourned for lunch today, several people have mentioned to me about why is Mr. Shine here. I would like to ask you, Mr. Secretary,
Mr. Shine available any time the committee or counsel declared to decide to bring him into the courtroom or the hearing room.
Any time, sir. In other words, there's no effort on the part of the army in any way of any character whatsoever to prevent Mr. Shine being here.
He was brought to Washington and temporarily assigned here at Fort Lyron in order to be available in order to be available any time in the committee or it's counsel or any proper authority asked to be here.
That's correct, right? Mr. Chairman, I think Mr. Jackson, who states that he has been available for Mr. Jenkins at any time.
Now I'm going to ask Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, is this information or a lay conversation?
Mr. Chairman, I think I have to stop being taken out of my time.
Mr. Chairman, what's not? The only statement made by Army Council, the only statement that Mr. Jenkins has.
I'd like to declare another announcement. Mr. Shine with the new order from the Army.
We'll go out of the way here to claim that the General General is the one that I don't point out of the other order.
Mr. Shine is all ordered to be here. Mr. Shine with the new order from the Army.
Mr. Jenkins, I would like to say that Mr. Shine was boiling. I think Mr. Jenkins was boiling.
I'm not about to be ready to say this.
Please be careful. If it's a boy of order, if it's a boy of order, but if it's a boy of order, then it's quite enough that what this means will be here to be boiling.
Mr. Chairman, I think Mr. Chairman is boiling. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Jenkins, I think Mr. Shine was available.
I think the very important point to ask Mr. State, whether Mr. Shine has a father to be a Sam Myers or to be here.
We know all the certain other officers of the Army to be here.
And I think that's an important point of order. That's a lot of time.
Whether he's been fraughty in question without any other questions, but charity is not sure that either the statement's buying Mr. Welch, Mr. Shanderman Cartoon, is actually a fine-advolunt.
If the leaves that is wrong, Mr. Welch, do indicate that Mr. Shine was available. It might be appropriate to find out whether or not he has an order to be here or simply available.
Yes, the committee calls. You have it on the way.
Mr. Chairman, I will try to state that.
Mr. Chairman, I have a sign when it's in the camp in the south of Mr. Sheridan.
Mr. Chairman, we're getting an action out of this, and it might be helpful for those who just have to find us in the middle of Mr. Stephen's fence.
I doubt if Mr. Stevens knows the details.
Mr. Chairman, James is known as what happened about him, either.
I think that's a lot of time. Mr. Chairman, I think Mr. Chairman, I think Mr. Chairman, I think that's a lot of time.
Mr. Chairman, I have a question. Mr. Chairman, where are you just fine?
Mr. Chairman, there's a fair pay that he is indulging the center. It's indulging because he indulges Mr. Welch.
Find out if Mr. Shanderman is available. He's time to find out in response to the standard solicitation, whether that is available, or if he needs to be here or whether or not the committee has to.
Mr. Chairman, I heard you have in the period. I'm sure for all the time to find out.
Mr. Chairman, if you have time to find out all these tips, find out I can do about this.
And let's all have Mr. Lowell here.
And you may speak to Mr. Smith, Mr. Dick.
Mr. Dick, there's also a terrific sign that in this area, at this moment, if the committee wishes him in this room, I think I may speak to the honoree.
Mr. Chairman, say that he moves to you. If he available in this room, he has been comfortably available. Mr. Dick, Mr. Lee has not been interviewed by any of you knowing my respect.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Dick.
I have been doing a few requests, Mr. Welch, to make Mr. Shanderman available for the E-Farget Paragation.
That was done. Mr. Shanderman in the area, I have talked to him briefly. Mr. Cole has promised to make him available to me as a witness for the committee when they are desired to discuss the case with him for the Army.
He has likewise promised that it is by understanding that he is a sign to a camp here in our near Washington.
That is the meantime he has been, and perhaps is now working with the committee in the preparation of its case.
Mr. Chairman, in order to satisfy Senator McCoy, and perhaps myself too, as a result of the discussion, I would recommend that the committee, that Mr. David Shanderman, be told the committee is not a sign of the committee.
I would like to thank Mr. Schanderman for the invitation to come in to this hearing room and stay here until he is hearing the rover.
I do not quite know where I was in my question.
I will try to pick it up.
I would like to make a statement at this point, Mr. Chairman, for these hearings started, and when it became known they would be started.
The committee decided there would be no other hearings of this committee until these differences, which in effect actually are differences, between the executive and legislative branches of our government, are resolved.
The committee decided, too, in this opinion, among the participants and principals is telling the truth.
As Senator McCoy has stated yesterday, my office and the office of other senators were informed that he wished to go ahead with these hearings.
But then this committee had already passed the resolution that the hearings, that no other hearings would be continued, although the committee felt that investigations of timingism and government are anywhere else.
All members of the committee felt that was a great important, pow-mow-n-important.
Now there are other committees to which this regular staff of this committee could be assigned.
And Chairman, once has told me that these regular staff members of this committee are not working for this special committee during the investigation.
They'll pull, I'm sure, they would be available.
Backed, I've seen quite a few of them periodically in these hearings.
This committee could quote, as to what are the staff of this committee, could be temporarily but properly transferred to another committee.
Today, not only would there be no criticism of any of the principals, but there could be no possible criticism of this committee as not doing everything possible to further and expedite the investigations of timingism in government or anywhere else.
That is if the staff members of this committee were transferred to another committee.
This would seem important to me because after many months of working with this committee, I'm sure that every one of its members is anxious to pursue all proper investigation of timingism.
I submit that to the chair for consideration and hope we can discuss it at the first meeting of the full committee since the hearing started, which the chairman has called for tomorrow morning.
I have no further comments or questions.
Chairman, another comment.
I wish they that the point of this order.
Okay, so well.
I think I need none at this moment.
Now, Senator MacArthur, you are Mr. Collin.
Mr. Collin, Mr. Carr has ten minutes.
Mr. Steven, one of the points raised by Council is trusting you, so they're not Dave Stein had called his girlfriend.
And I think you had a consideration of Dave. He didn't name the city.
Let me answer this.
Is it not true that there's a regular telephone center at Fort Dex and that almost any major room there you'll find hundreds of private calling people.
I assume many of them calling their girlfriend.
Well, I've never been in that particular.
Well, is it special consideration of all private to call his girlfriend?
I would say not.
In other words, you don't think that we intervened as a committee to allow private time to go into the regular telephone center which they have and call up his girlfriend.
Do you?
Certainly, maybe.
Sir, it wasn't Chinese.
How are there requirements on that?
Well, do you have any evidence that they did it?
The left training to do it, excuse me.
I think so.
Do you have any evidence that they did it?
Well, he should have been training.
I don't have any evidence.
That's a child.
You're going to ride because of the fire, am I?
Now, let me ask you this.
General Hor is the commanding officer with the sign.
I ask this because the claim of Mr. Schrein took time off to really work in the silver training.
General Hor is, this is according to the draft.
He said the story is,
Camp Gordon, George of March 27, U.P.,
sign demanding General held a newest conference after the graduation described the private as a good soldier with excellent character and superior efficiency.
Now, and do as last week you say that is the time off calling his girlfriends that he took that time off.
That has material interfered with his training.
I would say that his record at Camp Gordon was an entirely different thing from his record at Fort Dick's.
But now, I'm a lot of them.
We may or may not say this, but I am embarrassed before the American people to sit here taking the time off of all these unders and the general was talking about one private of the quality of the outrowns, and I thought that was a common practice.
I just think it should just drown the fun of the army and the interactions ability for some.
And I, but in view of the fact that you brought this matter off as him proper and his part, I think, that should go to some extent.
Is it true that one of the charges made against Mr. Shine?
And again, when I say that I have the record of this because Mr. Shine has ordered not to discuss the charges, the only record I have of the left-wing paper who got the charges as we couldn't get one of the charges was the issues commercially public.
That one of the special favors he was allowed to pay ten cents of issues, but I don't know sir.
Well, did you hear that?
I didn't hear that.
Have you had the report from the IG?
I have.
Stay young, sir.
I'll fix it.
Another charge has announced that he had special boots with straps and buckles on the sides.
In other words, I understand that James was about a size 12 or 13, but he couldn't get a certain kind of license.
He couldn't get a shoe as the usual place.
He went downtown, bought a shoe, and that's one of the charges against him.
You don't think the committee intervened along him with him to buy a special shoe to you?
I wouldn't know.
I don't have a hand.
I can't ask that.
I'm sorry.
Don't you think you should get this inspector general report and read it over because it says I think it should be used with the comic script.
Really?
I read it over for a committee.
Another charge has announced that he had a furlion of fur.
Pretty serious, you think?
Of a fact, he had a furlion of fur.
Another charge has announced that he complained about the cold weather.
Do you think this committee intervened along the complicate about the cold weather?
I wouldn't think so.
Another charge was that the city of Washington behind the scene to the crack he walked in front of a jeep.
You think that anyone with the committee called and asked for permission to come to work with the front of jeep?
I don't have any advice on that.
Don't you think you actually, Mr. Secretary, this is all ridiculous in the extreme for this committee and all these complement fermion officers who are sitting here trying to find out why they tried to live in the army.
The committee, who was successful and promoted until he was finally up to the very top position of private.
What do you think?
Well, I think you would like to have had him something other than a private.
Well, let's challenge the line where he is now.
He is now being on the family and if they take the different rules and additional rules.
I don't understand him when he is.
That's the time being assumed that what you say is right.
If I wanted him, there is something else in the private.
I was not the unsuccessful one time.
It's not right.
But that was your fault, Senator.
It was a good.
And likewise.
Likewise, if, if and the time, you and your Adam were going to get us all off the hearing,
you also were very unsuccessful until the time you filed your charges against Mr. Thomas or Cohn myself.
How about you, Farming?
There is a charge that here is that somebody, which I think Cohn's now trying to get shine promoted beyond the threat,
is also the charge that Mr. Adam and Cohn are trying to get us all off the hearing.
I think we should make a record very clear now.
But if it is true those attempts were made, they were awfully unsuccessful
upon the firm you filed your charges against the committees as I, then the hearings were called off.
You and I discussed that at length yesterday and I said,
that when the Army answered to sign a party's lawyer,
it did not have the suspect of stopping the work at a Congress in the United States.
I restate that now.
I'm going to move that matter of party's letter.
I am the short now and I am going to make it clear that the Trump or Potter only wrote that letter.
After it has been publicly made known that you are the report available at the Trump or Potter then,
rightfully passed for that report.
And I think it's him who's offered a time.
It's a great thing that he started this investigation, but let's get on to the next question.
There was the information this morning that all soldiers, all private like some days shine.
Now, a case used were treated like a bunch of cattle.
You don't believe that, do you?
It certainly is not the policy of the Army that treated pilots like that.
Cattle and I'm sure that's not the case.
You're your mother, that's not the case.
It's down, I have to go.
So, this is the report that the other soldiers were handled like a bunch of cattle.
And they have shown him has a special consideration of writing in the, in the camel's scarf.
You would certainly disbelieve the first part of it above there being treated like cattle in two.
That's it, we don't treat our soldiers like cattle.
Well, the Islam part were both with you, someone scratched them the other parts of the report too.
Not necessarily, no sir.
In other words, you would pick out the parts that you yourself convinced were both.
I would have to know what each said.
You know I do know a lot of attention wise and then have a opinion about it.
You know a general lawton?
Yes, I do.
Uh, general lawton is a commanding officer, is he not?
That's work from one month.
That's right.
Now, it's a true that, after general lawton was given this committee cooperation,
I may say I think he gave the committee complete and full cooperation.
It's a true that you were, so here it is by then, that you decided to leave lawton of these commands,
that is not true, it is not true.
That is not true.
Uh, did you ever decide to leave lawton of these commands that work from one month after our investigation started?
No, the way you asked our question before, Senator, you asked if, uh, due to the fact that you have facts in the channel,
I've cooperated with your committee.
Good morning, Secretary.
We've got a limited time to ask your questions, so you're trying to keep around you down.
And then, as did you ever attempt to or decide to leave general lawton of these commands after our investigation started?
I gave some thought to it, but not so bad reason.
You gave some fortune.
I gave some thought to it, not as a part of it, but not for the reason you suggested.
I should be more careful.
Uh, you say that he was not, uh, like that.
I was just wondering, who the juxtapess message is to me through this random asking, uh, that we do nothing of both of them.
You've done our lawton for a leave of these commands.
When I was, uh, when I had asked the question, you can ask your questions whether or not the lawton should, uh, should they transfer?
No, no, no, no. The question is, did you send message to me through John Adams asking whether or not, who would be quiet, do nothing of both of them.
You've lost the word of the interview to me, uh, I wanted you, Senator, to, uh, know that I had this in mind of the possibility.
And I asked John Adams to so important.
We'll only win.
I'm going to ask how many of you have done.
We'll have a very good time in the department.
Sorry.
So the rest, you, uh, we'll check.
No more words.
If I find the environment secretary, we call you about to try to refresh your memory and bring in the focus on the details which you might be able to be captured.
Concerning the one phase of the allegations against Mr. Carr which did not appear in your written memoir.
And that was the one number, number 12, dated November 16, about Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carr renewing threats that are recited in paragraph 11 of books.
I asked you specifically what was the nature of the threats made by Mr. Carr, if any.
Well, it was, it was very strongly indicated at that time that the fourth bomb of the year, we're going to reopen, very popular.
Mr. Carr said that it was very strongly indicated by Mr. Cohn.
But no, that's not what Mr. Carr said.
Mr. Carr did not disassociate himself from that statement in any way and I considered that he was, uh, fanically equal with Mr. Cohn in that statement.
Do you understand, Jim, the extent of the threat in which he participated was to say nothing to stop Mr. Cohn from saying whatever he did?
I won't say that he said nothing but I'll say that, uh, his, his, uh, activity was once again I think I used the word passive yesterday.
It was not yesterday anything Mr. Cohn.
I think he did.
Do you have any idea what it was that he said?
I couldn't call the word no sir.
Would you like sure that the money is empty and the attention is free?
Well, I do.
I do. I, as I say, uh, uh, uh, growing Cohn indicated that the hearings would shortly be started up again and I took the, I just seemed to me that Mr. Carr was, uh, completely in accord with that same philosophy.
He certainly did not disassociate himself from it.
I understand.
And you can't recall anything actively or not.
No sir.
Mr. Carr would like to have this understanding of you about Mr. Sean and rather Sean.
I give it the correct answer.
Uh, his name has been, and he developed in this committee, when the great deal, you will be very good.
Yes, we all have.
Does the chair understand that he is in a position and the relationship now with the army so that it is repressed permission to be in the room with his come up?
Have any of all of the time during the hearings he would have done right?
Yes sir.
I'm going to support the board.
Uh, sir.
Would it be in order for the chairman of this committee to prove his concord?
To solid by Mr. Sean by the shine at this time of the statements made by the chair.
Thank you very much.
The chair will develop a suggestion.
The reason for me and the interest of equity is for the president of China to serve, he should be advised to that right.
Because of his being in the army, he is more of under the control of some commanding officer.
He should know that if he desires to be here with counsel, he has ever been.
Who undertake to resign him or should we have counsel?
Sir, I will give you the authorized room.
So it buys by the shine of his right to be here with counsel if he so desires at any time during the hearings.
I don't know.
I have to take the motion of that.
That would be considered in a very once again and giving him appropriate speech.
I do think so in the election of equity.
Mr. Chairman, can I just say a word on that?
I don't like to incur with your whole heart.
I think that the private shine is thoroughly entitled to attend these hearings with counsel if he cares to.
And I think that as you say, his name has been used by many people here, including myself.
It's always better that he should be made available and the army will cooperate on that completely.
Will you ask one of your age to call his commanding officer to deliver that message to Mr. Shine?
I will.
Mr. Counsel, the chair is about the expressions which he believes may be something to point about or may be out of order.
I'd like to have you rule on the chair's suggestion.
I have in mind one or two questions.
I would like to ask Mr. Secretary about the line-up in the photo-crest which has been presented to him.
Does the chair understand that when we get into the matter of the photograph that the Stevens will again be a witness?
So I could ask them more appropriately at that time.
Do you think I should ask him those questions?
I think it is his static talker to the gentleman, the gentleman, the secretary, with respect to the photograph of this time.
I don't propose to go into any of the discussion as to whether or not names and people will have thought.
I am simply trying to get from the Secretary now to the best of his recollection.
The occasion and the circumstances under which the picture is used as a big picture.
Mr. Wilson defined as the big picture of the purposes of this question.
The best of your recollection, Mr. Secretary, was that the 40-year-old taken at the time of the party and arrived in court-diction, so at the time you will need the court-diction.
Well, I was only up for a six-about-femary-smart, so I was further to question.
On a lot, on a right.
Can you tell the committee and how it happened that the transit time was empty-circuit?
On the plane bringing you and the private party to the 40th landing unit.
I can, I have to go back to the little bit if you want me to ask that.
So it's just kind of a big issue of the circumstances of the picture.
All right, friends.
You recall that the lunch of the emergency club at my invitation, that day, 17th of November.
And during the course of that luncheon, or shortly thereafter, Roy Collins said that he was going down to see Sean before going on the board when we're at the committee head business the next day.
The Phantom of Carvy indicated that he wanted to see Sean.
I gained the impression that they were going to drive down there.
Maybe I'm wrong about that, but I do know that the Sean candlelight calls outside of the club when we came out.
And that when we started for the airport, I remember very soon.
This be fail at Phantom of Carvy actually drove the car and fell.
The Sean car.
Now before we left the club, having learned that Mr. Sean of Phantom of Carvy and Cole wanted to see Sean, I had my aid.
Colonel clearly called down to remember the staff at Fort Dix and advised,
that for advising the commanding general, that staff, I was going to stop there on the way back to Washington in order to make it possible for Phantom of Carvy and his party to get down there properly.
Now, I was personally in a great rush.
This was a great inconvenience to me to have to go to Fort Dix because I had a very important engagement here at Washington.
That evening, which was a dinner engagement with Secretary of the Treasury Company and Mrs. Humphrey.
And I wanted to get back here as fast as I could.
Nevertheless, you always do an extra item.
The chief of Fort Dix, I just walked away from the senator and his party.
We took the plane and flew down there to Fort Dix.
As soon as we got there, I got off the plane.
These pictures were taken. I was in a rush to get on the other little plane of C-45, which would probably meet a Washington.
I hope in time to make my engagement with the Secretary of Treasury.
And I finally did get there, although I was late to doing this.
Thank you.